{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\csgray\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 \CocoaLigature0 1.  use my_first_db\
\
2.  db.createCollection('students')\
\
\
4.  db.students.insert(\{name:'Jaxon',home_state:'West Virginia',lucky_number:	3,birthday:\{month:7,day:9\}\})\
\
	db.students.insert(\{name:'Billy',home_state:'California',lucky_number:	7,birthday:\{month:12,day:13\}\})\
	\
	db.students.insert(\{name:'Jim Bob',home_state:'Washington',lucky_number\
	9,birthday:\{month:1,day:21\}\})\
\
    db.students.insert(\{name:'Jill',home_state:\'92Oregon\'92,lucky_number:29,birthday:\{month:2,day:29\}\})\
\
    db.students.insert(\{name:'Izzy',home_state:'California',lucky_number:	1,birthday:\{month:7,day:31\}\})\
\
\
5.  db.students.find().pretty()\
\
6.  db.students.find(\{$or: [\{home_state:'California'\},	\{home_state:'Washington'\}]\}).pretty()\
\
7.  db.students.find( \{lucky_number: \{$gt: 3\}\}).pretty()\
	db.students.find( \{lucky_number: \{$lte: 10\}\}).pretty()\
	db.students.find(\{$and: [\{lucky_number: \{$gte:1\}\},\{lucky_number:\{$lte:	9\}\}]\}).pretty()\
\
8.  db.students.update(\{\},\{$set:\{interests\
    ['coding','brunch','MongoDB']\}\},false,true)\
\
9. db.students.update(\{name:\'92Jaxon\'92\},\{$addToSet:\{interests:\'92rock climbing\'92\}\})\
   db.students.update(\{name:'Jill'\},\{$addToSet:\{interests:'Painting'\}\})\
   db.students.update(\{name:'Billy'\},\{$addToSet:\{interests:'Baseball'\}\})\
   db.students.update(\{name:'Jim Bob'\},\{$addToSet:\{interests:'Basketball'\}\})\
   db.students.update(\{name:'Izzy'\},\{$addToSet:\{interests:'rock climbing'\}\})\
\
10. db.students.update(\{name:'Jill'\},\{$addToSet:\{interests:'taxes'\}\})\
\
11. db.students.update(\{name:'Jill'\},\{$pop:\{interests:1\}\})\
\
12. db.students.remove(\{$or: [\{home_state:'California\'92\},\
	\{home_state:'Washington'\}]\},false)\
\
13. db.students.remove(\{name:'Jill'\})\
\
14. db.students.remove(\{lucky_number: \{$gt: 5\}\},true)\
\
15. db.students.update(\{\},\{$set:\{number_of_belts: 0\}\},false,true)\
\
16. db.students.update(\{home_state:'Washington'\},\{$inc: \{number_of_belts: 	-1\}\},false,true)\
\
17. db.students.update(\{\},\{$rename:\{number_of_belts: 'belts_earned'\}\},false,true)\
\
18. db.students.update(\{\},\{$unset:\{lucky_number:''\}\},false,true)\
\
19. db.students.update(\{\},\{$set:\{update_on: ""\}\},false,true)\
	db.students.update(\{\},\{$currentDate: \{update_on: \{$type: 'date'\}\}\},false,true)}